---
Tags: Logs, Daily
---

# Discarding humanity to become a phenomenon

I'd like to become a phenomenon. To become one seems to be an incredibly difficult process that is hard to achieve without losing yourself in it.
The main requirement that I've extrapolated is a strong desire, a strong compulsion to take actions, any kind of action, that is independent of other people, as well as the capability to do so. The desire or compulsion must be major, it must be something that has a significant percentage of your brain space. 

This doesn't sound particularly hard at first, but consider this:
1. The compulsion to take action, the desire to obtain something, must be maintained throughout, and it must be something that you prioritize and work towards. This is incredibly difficult to do when you are encouraged to prioritize other things by people, things which are not independent of people. Actions or desires that are independent of people are naturally seen as things to be given lower priority by society. This is normal, as these things do not contribute to it. 
2. Depending on what the compulsion or desire is, it will be difficult to maintain the capability to do it, along with maintaining a satisfactory and long life. It may also be difficult to maintain an income or even a stable place in society. Once again, this depends on the desire. But as long as it is something that you move towards, and not something that is satiated, it will necessarily disrupt stability.

The greater the desire, the larger your compulsions are in the scale of both time, space and society, the closer you are to becoming a phenomenon.
To that end, I've cultivated certain many desires within myself, however, they are not something that I've had the capability to work towards.
Objectively speaking, I do have the ability to work towards them, but I have not done so for fear of overstepping my boundaries and losing myself. For fear of abandoning the things around me. I do not want to get rid of these things yet, and so, I look for alternatives, ways to obtain my desires without abandoning them just yet. 
I suppose my greatest desire and compulsion is the desire to become a phenomenon. It's something cool that I saw shine in front of me once, and I believed that it is exactly what I want to be. 

Now that I'm finished with that, I'll be putting something that I wrote earlier in the day as the next section

## I am just a fish

I just listened to a parody of "I am just a freak" by surf curse, called "I am just a fish". There was one line which got my attention, 

```
"My, mouth, is, filled with hooks I bite"
```

So I went to the original song, and was disappointed to find that the original line was

```
"My, brain, is filled with parasites"
```

Because the former line was something I enjoyed. A helpless confession or rather warning of being outwardly destructive.

There are many songs that capture being outwardly self destructive, many that accept it too. But something about the chords and melody structure of freaks, along with the singer's vocalization, makes it feel as though he's tired, although he's accepted how he is, he's still searching, checking, albeit not with much hope. And that is what resonated with me.

Similarly, "the last dinosaur" by the pillows is another song about being someone
who is outwardly destructive, but it takes a more "existential nihilsm" approach
where the thought process is along the lines of 

"If I can't change how I am, and I can't find anyone like me, I'm going to enjoy messing around in a world full of people that won't understand(, and I'm not going to stay in one place long enough for them to catch me)" 

Which I also greatly love about the song. 

But I'd like a song similar in tone to surf curse where the lyrics about being irredeemable and damaging to other people. I suppose I started to enjoy this genre in 7th grade, after I found "Wolf in Sheep's Clothing" by Set it Off and imagined that the lyrics were directed at me. 
I quickly (3 years later) realized that this kind of thing was mentally unhealthy and only reinforced my guilt and self-loathing along with my longing for Sui, so I switched over to songs directed at other people instead. 

Though this made me feel guilty, it started to reinforce the idea that there is no inherent good or bad, and that other people are horrible people too. It was difficult to make this idea stick in my head however and during times of turmoil, I would crawl back to the simple, deeply rooted heuristic that I was the source of all suffering in that situation. 

Incidentally, back in the early days, what I used as a stopgap measure was that considering yourself the source of all suffering in any situation was arrogant, because when flipping it, it means that you are capable of causing all of that suffering and this is effective when you've methodically focused on destroying your own self-esteem and convinced yourself that you're incapable and incompetent.

However, when someone else blames you, this stopgap measure falls apart, and you only fall deeper into self-blame. As such, I admired people like 
- Updogg, 
- certain fictional characters, 
- or the Aya I conceptualized of, who didn't blame herself or feel guilt, and instead found acceptance and joy in the fact that many people disliked her, and being able to mess with a large amount of people. 

The thing with certain fictional characters, is that 
 
 1. Oftentimes, they simply don't consider the large amount of suffering they cause and are ignorant i.e generic supervillains

2. Justify it because what they want is important too, and it's okay to be selfish (Like in Chainsawman)

3. Do it specifically because they enjoy seeing the suffering of others. (Like how the main character is after he's accepted himself for who he is in euphoria)

I like B), I don't particularly like A) and I feel very comfortable and accepted with C)

With Updogg, the thing is, he's just. He's an extrahuman being, he can't be understood, he's just Updogg. He functions purely off of intuition and he finds only suffering in the world. 

He may have an objectively more efficient brain in terms of memory, intuition, and forming connections between neurons but the information he feeds it is limited in reach and perspective. 
Honestly, it's not a huge issue functionally, or even really socially, it's just that it makes him moody sometimes. It also means he still constantly does dumb shit all the time, which is an absolute joy to experience.
Especially when he's hostile to other people because of his own past experiences and insecurities. It is truly entertaining to see him interact with the outside world and other people. 

As for Aya, I'd say that while it's possible that her brain is more efficient than average, it seems to only be on the same level as mine. 
Perhaps it's because we went through vaguely similar experiences that were still vastly different. 
Maybe it's because we were raised similarly. 
It could even be that she's intentionally aligning her thought process more to my level for the purpose of communicating better with me.
Regardless, watching her in action outside is like watching a more socially developed, less restrained version of myself. It too is a joy to see and very entertaining. 
However, Aya is clumsier and more pure than I expected, and she too feels guilt and self-blame at times. 
That's alright, I suppose. I may not have found the answer to that problem in her, but I did answer many others. I also found another kindred spirit, which I suspected from day one. Someone who I can be fairly close to.

On that topic,

## A phenomenon is not a person

A phenomenon is not a person.
You can personify a phenomenon, and you can have a positive association to it, especially if that specific phenomenon has been beneficial to you.

A mountain climber may love mountains, for the enjoyment and challenges that they bring him. He may also hate them for causing him injury or even for taking the lives of his friends. 
Regardless, a mountain does not exist to be climbed, nor to kill, and not even to cause injury.
A mountain exists due to factors completely independent of the climber himself. 

In terms of people that have become phenomena or especially those who are close to such an accomplishment however, 
it becomes a bit more complicated, and uncertain.

When a phenomenon appears to regain its personhood, it can be confusing.
For example, I believe Updogg is still Updogg (The phenomenon), but he seems less uncaring towards human matters. In fact, he is friendly, he has allowed his social needs to be visible, and be fulfilled in more traditional ways than Discord, League of Legends, YuGiOh and his 500GB+ collection of porn.
This means that he tolerates and almost enjoys my existence. Perhaps sometimes even looking forward to my visits. 
He sees me as a phenomenon however, and not an actual person, to my understanding, and hence may not have developed a close human connection to me in the traditional sense.

Now, let's look at Aya under this lens. 
From what we know, Aya:
- Does dumb stuff and fucks a lot of guys
- Said she loves me and wouldn't mind dying if she knew it would be of even the slightest help to me
- Said that her love lasts a long time
- Aya is very good at making people invest in her mentally, whether through conscious action and necessity or through an underlying desire to be valued and cared for 
- Aya is not very mentally invested in me, but I'm certain she would be sad if I died? I'm not sure how that works

I really love Aya to be honest, if it wasn't clear from the earlier paragraph. I've never really found a spirit so kindred before. 

I'm confused as to how she views me, or why she would be invested in me. 

I've heard the kind of stuff that Aya said before, and of course, people generally say stuff like this when they feel that way, not because they carefully calculated the pros and cons and accepted the outcomes of their actions.
She doesn't really have very many past experiences to draw from in terms of how long her love lasts, considering that she's only really been fixated on one other person.
She often talks about a possible future with me, where we live together, or one where we're married and have children. This is fun to talk about, honestly, but this is not a unique thing. This is likely just something fun to talk about, and not something which holds any real weight. Honestly, I prefer it that way, if someone was holding on to my words every time I said something, I would not have fun talking to them.

The problem then, is two-fold:
1. I really love Aya and want to stay in her life and see what she does
2. Aya may be vulnerable to me, and that's a bit scary. I'm afraid I'll damage her or put her in a foul mood, or end up being the reason she kills herself. 
	1. But at the same time, this is uncertain. And taking actions as though she is vulnerable to me is pretty lame, and I don't want to do that

The worst case scenario then, is one where I'm being fucked with and she's attempting to take advantage of me in the long run.
Well, I guess I just need to always have an out, until I'm ready to accept more significant possible losses.

## Chains, why getting rid of them is necessary and what to use instead

To me, a connection is a chain binding me to someone.
I'm obligated to fulfill the role that the connection expects of me.
It's a restriction that prevents me from taking action and forces me to act in a certain way.

A connection is a rule.
A static perception of me that has been locked in place due to someone else's mind.

It's a rigid path to follow, a direction that someone is pulling me in so that I don't go somewhere else. This was all well and good when the only thing I could conceptualize of wanting to do was to go ahead and die.

The chains acted a mechanism that stopped me from going off and doing reckless shit, as well as things that I was afraid people wouldn't like.
I had no positive feelings about the chains, I hated them in fact, but I did think of them as a positive thing. It did stop me from killing myself after all.

It's not as though they stopped me from self-harm, or even self destructive behaviours. As long as no one realized it was self-destructive, or no one was watching, I was free to do whatever I wanted to within the boundaries set by the chains. 
I didn't find anything that engaged me positively however. And eventually I decided to get rid of all the chains. It wasn't exactly a conscious decision as much as "I am incredibly frustrated, I don't want any of this bullshit, I want to get away from this even if I don't know where to". 

I was always trying to avoid getting rid of chains. And that behaviour had become ingrained into my very being. 
Getting rid of them is fairly easy though. It's not something you need to on both sides, and it's not something that you even need to tell someone.
All you need to do to get rid of a chain, is remove it from yourself. Just mentally vaporize it. And it's gone. Like it never even existed in the first place. 

It's fine if someone tries to reattach it. They won't be able to. The most they can do is throw it in your general direction and try to pressure you into reattaching it. Not that it's happened to me often, most people aren't desperate enough to drop their decency or integrity just to maintain a connection with me.

It felt anti-climactic honestly, back when I realised how easy it was to attach and reattach chains. Of course, I only realised it consciously a few seconds before writing this down, but I've had an intuitive understanding of the process for a long time now. 
It still scares me every time, 

"What if it doesn't work all of a sudden? What if something goes wrong? What if this person could effortlessly apply more pressure on me than I can handle?"

And so, I avoid revealing too much of my personal information, I try to go to places where people don't really know me, and I try to avoid fucking with people who could potentially fuck me over, such as people in high positions.

### Attraction, or the alternative to chains

Attraction. 
Sometimes, there are people who I find interesting enough to approach and talk to. I've always felt this way, but the existence of chains prevented me from acting upon them.
One of the things I was chained to, and honestly to some extent still am, is the perception of myself that I believe my mother has. It's a bit of a pain to explain it in detail here, but for the purposes of this discussion, the important information would be that it prevented me from talking to people because 

*talking to people in the classroom is bad and I am someone who always follows the rules and listens to the teacher because I listen to my mother and my mother would not forgive me and would be very mad and kill herself if I didn't*

and it prevented me from going outside, because 

*i am not someone who goes outside, because my mother told me not to go outside and I listen to my mother otherwise my mother would be very very sad and she is mentally ill so i should not make her sad and if she is sad bad things will happen and she will kill herself and i will be alone because i am the only family she has and i should be grateful to my mother otherwise i would die and no one else likes me and my mother has only me and i should have only my mother and my mother is my bestest friend and i should not have other friends because i don't need them and all i need is to study*

As you can see, there's a lot to unpack with that chain. 
Getting back on topic, there are things I am simply attracted to.
This "thing" could be a person that interests me and I am curious about, or it could be a goal that I'd like to achieve. An idea that I'm curious about executing maybe.

Apologies, my brain is non-functional at this point. I'm going to end this here, but I hope you get the idea.
