---
Tags: Logs, Daily
---
[[daily_index|<-Back]] 
# Rocks in puddles

One of my worst fears is that I'll one day forget all of my memories. Not just in the sense that I'll have Alzheimer's (but yes, that's also part of it), but also in the sense that I'll discard them because they've seemingly lost their value to me.

Let's take Aya for example. I love her a lot, and it's a very nice feeling. Much better than the engineered motivations which I use to force myself to do things.
Instead, this motivation doesn't go out. It doesn't fade. The pull of this light is stronger. 

Whereas the goals I set for myself are artificial in nature, and thus easy to deconstruct and discard, Aya is something that I can't justifiably discard, because there's nothing TO discard in the first place.
There's absolutely NO reason for me to feel this way towards her, and as such the pull and motivations that are related to her don't exist in my mind.

Although certain motivations can be born from this - such as the motivation to visit her, the motivation to call her, the motivation to assassinate Hisham, and so on and so forth - there is no "motivation" towards Aya, apart from being close to her, knowing more about her, and maybe being liked by her? I don't mind that she hates me or dislikes me, as long as she doesn't take serious action to push me away as a result.

There is one way to lose this motivation though, this "source of joy/comfort". 
And that is simply by forgetting about her.
Aya doesn't interfere with my normal life. She doesn't make an attempt to reach me, or interact with me, in the slightest. I could, as such, simply not talk to her one day, and then never talk to her ever again as a result because it just slipped my mind.
Because I keep putting it off. 
Because I convince myself that "because she'd be better off not talking to me, I shouldn't talk to her"
Despite that, ironically, because Aya is so unresponsive, it then becomes easy to talk to her. To "tell her" things, (which I'm sure she doesn't read) so that she stays on the top of my mind, so that it's easy to communicate with her and I don't hesitate to tell her things when the circumstances require it.

I will re-iterate. I don't like the idea of discarding happy things simply because they're inconvenient. This becomes especially true for memories.
I'm not always in control of my mind. Not in the sense I go insane, but in the sense that, well, I'm human and thus by my own standards, flawed.

One such memory that I'm afraid is already starting to fade is the memory of my first visit to meet Aya. I believe I've accidentally begun repressing and erasing it, focusing on certain parts of it over others. 
Here, I will write it, such that if ever I forget, I can come here to remember it once again

# Day 1 in Potheri : November 23rd 2023

## Locations: Bus to Train to Potheri

I got off Chennai Central. I'd never been here before, so I was slightly overwhelmed by my surroundings at first. I didn't know where to go or where I wanted to go. But I knew I needed to go somewhere.
I followed the crowd of passengers that exited the bus with luggage. 
I crossed the street, noticed that there was a train station, and went there first.
I remembered that there was a train station at Potheri, but I didn't know which trains went there, and at the time I didn't even know what KIND of train station it was.
So I went to the Chennai Central Railway Station. There, I tried talking to a few people, asking them if I could book a ticket to Potheri.
They all told me this was the wrong place to book a ticket, and at first I assumed I was simply at the wrong ticket booth. But when I finally went to the local train station booth, he told me that this was the wrong station, and that I should go to the other one.
He gave me some directions I didn't understand, so I just used google maps. I put down the destination as Potheri, and followed the route.
Eventually, I got to the right station. There, I tried to get a ticket (which I would later find out was unnecessary), that cost me 10 rupees, and I got 10 rs change for my 20 rs note. He didn't tell me which platform, so I just checked maps again, and went to Platform 2. Then, I received a text from Aya. That made me really happy, though I was still bracing myself for the possibility that she was just messing with me.

I told her when I'd get there, and she told me where to go. 
And the next part is something I don't really want to write about because thinking about it makes me feel really really sad.
In summary:
1. I messed up the trains actually and got there 30 minutes late, though I did mention it by text
2. No one was there, and Aya wasn't responding to my calls or messages
3. I was hungry and hadn't brushed, so I went to a nearby restaurant, brushed, and ate breakfast there around 10 am, after waiting for Aya for an hour.
4. Around 10:30, I decided to go on a walk around the area for an hour, and passed by SRM university, and was able to sneak into SRM college for fun.
5. I'd been calling Aya constantly the whole time, but she hadn't picked up.
6. Eventually, I decided to call her from a stranger's number, and she picked up immediately. She told me she was sleeping, which I do believe actually. There's the inconsistency of her picking up immediately when the number was unknown however, which I took as more evidence that she didn't "love me" as she claimed.
7. Soon is the end of the summary and I will go on describing what happened next normally after it's over. Before that, there are a few things I'd like to state
	1. I don't know what Aya was doing the night before, but as Hisham told me (though I have reason to not trust Hisham), it wasn't really anything much, they were texting the whole night and she fell asleep late. (Though at first I did think she got drunk with friends and overslept as a result, because I do remember her saying something like that before)
	3. After writing that previous paragraph, I once again feel the need to state my unrelenting hatred for Hisham which was present from the moment I first talked to him, once pacified by the possibility that he takes care of Aya and makes sure she's okay, and by the fact that she told me he's a good friend. 
	4. I doubt that Hisham knew at all that I was coming. I'm glad. 
8. To finish off with, I got to her PG, she was wearing a hoodie with no bra, she hugged me with a smile, we started walking, Hisham came up behind us. (I forgot why Hisham was there, actually, I assume she called him)

Afterwards, we went to "Bombay Tea Stall". We got there at around 12 pm. We stayed there for about 2 hours? Which is kind of crazy when you think about it.
Gayathri introduced me to Hisham, who was being "aggressive" or "possessive" over his relationship with Gayathri. 
She sent him away for some printouts, and he took his time. She then got me to answer a bunch of questions on a survey. I volunteered, honestly. It was kinda fun. I didn't really want to talk and I thought it was a good way to pass the time. 
Afterwards, a friend of hers came with two other friends. This was around 2 pm.
We all then went to SRM bar.

I believe Gayathri finds it hard to be honest when she's not intoxicated, and that's what led to her going there. 
This trip to the bar didn't go so well. Hisham got drunk and told me he came inside Gayathri and that she might be pregnant, while Gayathri and her friends went to the bathroom.
Gayathri asked if she could kiss me, and then she did, which made Hisham upset, and then he left. Man, if I could kill him with an untraceable button, I would.
All her friends left, and so did Hisham. They didn't pay, Gayathri was out of money. I paid about 800. 
Let's skip all the bad stuff, actually,
*fast forward noise*
Scene "Walking to the lake"
V: You should put on your hoodie, you'll get sick from the rain
G: No, cause I want us to be the same
V: I have a lot of hair, it pretty much acts like a helmet
G: It's fine, I'm used to the rain
*Gayathri stumbles*
*Both walk in silence and hold hands*
*The two make small talk*
End scene

Scene "At the lake"
V: You smell good
G: Really? I didn't use any perfume though
*cut*
Okay, I can't take this anymore. This feels pretty sad. 
Uh, it's actually a really happy memory and stuff, but it feels really sad now. 