# Stuff Aya said that I like by a disproportionate amount

This is about stuff that Aya said that I like a lot, but I don't know why I like it a lot. No real reason to. I'm gonna try to go in order

-  "I would hide you":
	 
	 Me: If I killed someone, and I was on the run from the cops. What would you do?
	 
	 Aya: I would hide you
	
	 
	This was back when I first started talking to Aya. This would've been around 2021. We were on call for around 9 hours that night and she fell asleep on call by the end. I was awake, I was awake till 7 am. The call started around 10 pm, and she said this line between 12 and 1 am.
	This is something I still think about, and I really like that she said this. Made me feel incredibly good.

-  "You can live with me, but you have to listen to me talk constantly"
	
	Aya asked me if I wanted to be her roommate, or maybe she said "What if we were roommates?". I don't really remember since this was pretty far back too.
	
	But, she said it would be fun to live with me. I don't know why I like this so much

-  "Your voice is like a rich chocolate cake"
	
	Well, it's kinda obvious why I like this one

-  "I just don't wear clothes afterwards"
	
	This is gonna sound kinda stupid, but before she said this, I had given this idea absolutely zero consideration.
	
	So, Aya and I were having a conversation about baths, and this was back when Aya was still a clean freak. So, whenever I took baths back then, I would always wear clean clothes, so I'd go through 2-3 sets of clothes everyday, and I'd have tons of laundry to wash very quickly.
	So when were talking about baths, Aya mentioned that she just doesn't wear clothes afterwards. 
	
	My god
	
	I felt so fucking stupid afterwards, this was such a galaxy brain level idea.
	
	Ever since then I've never had the laundry problem. Of course I wear clothes after I take a bath, but it's just stuff that I wear so I can avoid being completely naked. Stuff like simple shorts that I've already worn, or trackpants that I've already worn.
	
	Obviously, I don't wear underwear alongside this. But yeah, I think of this line every time I take a bath cause I'm sweaty, and I just wear shorts afterwards. Genuinely changed my life.

- "Just swing harder"
	
	Okay, so I was practicing doing dips, and adding momentum to it via swinging to land far away.
	
	And I was kinda stuck because I just couldn't fly as far as I wanted to. And I couldn't raise my body high enough. So, I asked Aya for advice because she used to do gymnastics as a kid and earned a few medals too.
	
	She told me to just swing harder. Keep in mind, this was back when she really wasn't talking to me much at all
	
	So, anyway, I just.. tried swinging harder for a few days. 
	
	And it worked. 
	
	It was so simple and stupid. Turns out I was scared of falling so I was unconsciously limiting how fast or hard I was swinging. Anyway, I haven't been able to do all that stuff much recently, but I think I would be way better at it now.

- "I've been making the conscious choice to be in love with you every single day"

- "I don't mind if you don't like me, I just want to stick around you, pretty much forever"

- She told me that if I ever want to escape, or go somewhere else for a while, I could always visit her. She also said she was very hospitable (not at the same instance)

- "Cause I wanna be the same as you"
	
	This is very recent, and I might've talked about this in <a href="https://icerider007.github.io/2024/02/04/Rocks-in-Puddles.html">Rocks and Puddles</a>. It was just raining, and she refused to put her hoodie on because I didn't have one. 
	
	I admit, this one felt a bit staged and forced, but she really did commit to it, and it got through to me, even though I wasn't sure if she was being sincere.

- "Iwouldgivemylifeifitmeantitwouldhelpyoueventhetiniestbit"
	
	No, I didn't forget to use the space bar, she just said this one really really fast, and when I asked her to repeat it,
	
	Me: What did you say?
	Aya: Nothing 
	
	And then I didn't ask her again because after that my brain processed what she said.
	Unfortunately, soon after this, her fever got worse, and then the shit with Vijay happened.
