# Nice face

Right, so,
I'm not sure where to start with this one.

Let's start with the conversation that Aya had with Thanshu. I just happened to look at these messages because Thanshu didn't crop them out, but they still stuck in my memory.

I assume Aya complimented Thanshu's appearance, and then Thanshu complemented her back.

```
Thanshu: You are an attractive person yourself
Aya: thanks it makes me feel miserable haha
Thanshu: Huh whyee
Thanshu: Being pretty is not good?
Thanshu: Anyway what is your favourite crime storys
```

And then the conversation continues from there.


But yeah, the conversation I want to focus on is that being pretty makes Aya miserable.

## Attracting more attention that you can't handle

Yeah, okay, so this one, you know, obviously. It's the root cause and shit of all the bullshit that goes wrong.

Uhhh

Yeah, so, this stuff can lead you getting isolated, or just being looked at weird, or just feeling like you're different and not like other people.

It's the same as just being weird, but people will like you. So, if this happens, you'll probably be in a vulnerable state, without knowledge of WHY people aren't as close to you or WHY you feel so alien and shit, and uhh be easier to get taken advantage of I guess.

Also, annoying attention's also gonna show up, and you're not always gonna be able to make it go away or even just manage it.

You'll be subjected to the wills of many more people than usual. So yeah.

## Feeling like it's not yours

If you get a glow-up, or some shit, where your appearance suddenly takes a drastic change.

It's gonna conflict with your self-image, even if it was due to a deliberate change that you made.

So with Aya, I'm not really sure, but I think she uhhh thinks it's not her face sometimes.

You know, it's *A* FACE. A face that's on her body. And that face looks good and everything, but does it really belong to her? Does any face?

Whenever I see my face in the mirror, it doesn't look like me, it just looks like someone whose body I'm controlling.

And, my face, wasn't nearly as uhh glowed up(?) as Aya's, so maybe it's more extreme or more obvious with her.

But she is also just mentally more resilient, I guess, and she spends way longer looking at her face.

I can understand why you'd be less hesitant to take pictures of it though, it really doesn't feel as narcissistic when it doesn't feel like it's YOUR face. You're just taking pictures of a nice looking face and stuff, you know?

Oh and, back to the first point.

## Attracting WAY more attention than you can handle

You know, Aya's gotten raped a lot of times. It's not in the double digits, but it's definitely around 7.

And she's gotten sexually assaulted or harassed way more times than that. She always stands out and like I said, it probably just makes her feel alienated and isolated.

I'd say that might also just have led to her being more wary of people and their motivations in general when they approach her.

I mean, sure, I can tell she finds it fun to mess with people who she doesn't care about. It is incredibly fun, both to do and to watch it happen. Man Aya's so perfect I wanna hug her.

What were we talking about? Yes, so 
