# It's Valentines Day

Is it though?
I wasn't really sure what to talk about in this one, but I suddenly remembered that I've never really thought about Vijay.

Who is that guy?

Right, so from what I know, he's uhhh. 26? I don't remember his age.

But he teaches physics at "Level Up Learning Centre" and he also models and has had roles in some movies.

I'm basing this info off of his portfolio.

His full name is Vijay Rajendran. And Aya met him through a dating app a long time ago. Back when she was sick, and was texting and calling me every day, and also looking for people to meet in Besant Nagar because... she was done with me? Because she was lonely? 

I never really got to the bottom of her motivations for meeting people there, because it was uncomfortable for me to explore certain implications and possibilities.

Right, anyway, around that time, Vijay called her and they met up. Aya also ended up at the hospital, I think? I'm still not sure about that, even though Hisham told me that she did and Hisham would benefit more from telling me that she was at Vijay's house back then. 

The timeline doesn't really make sense though, if she was in the hospital. I doubt I'll ever find out what happened, but I'd kill Hisham to find the answer to this question. 

Right, so she met up with Vijay, and I think it was around this time that she got a 1000 rupee for not wearing a helmet while with someone on a bike. 

Ah, there's no real structure to this post, so I'd like to mention while I can, that Aya once asked me if I could spell my name in malayalam. I'm not sure if she asked Vijay the same question, but I'm fairly certain that she did, and he then changed his instagram username to "Vijay" in tamil. 

Or he could've just had it that way from the very beginning and that simply generated additional interest in her towards him. Just something of note that I observed.

Right, so, if we follow my scattered mental timeline, around New Year's, she would've been in the hospital (I do actually think this is reliable).

## Let's organize what I know to be true

1. Aya spent some time at Vijay's place around New Year's
   
2. Aya got sick around New Year's 
   
3. Around the time she got very sick, she stopped contacting me and was upset that I kept calling her (I called her nonstop)
   
4. Once Aya went back to Potheri, she went straight to Aishwarya
   
5. When I asked Aya if she still wanted me to come visit that weekend, she said yes 
   
6. Aya broke her phone somehow soon after that and was using Avyukt's old phone, which later ran out of charge
   
7. Hisham told me that she was mad at him, and that she took her stuff back to her PG from his apartment
   
8. Hisham told me that Aya went to Vijay's place, and showed me that Vijay was texting him through GPay about her being on her way back.t
   
9. Aya told me she might not be there on the day I'm visiting, when I called her the day just before that
   
10. Aya didn't show up until Sunday evening, and she smelled heavily of Gillette Aftershave Lotion. She also claimed that she didn't, and avoided answering me when I asked her why. At first I thought it was just her clothes or her hoodie, but even her chest and bare stomach smelled like it. *(Uh, wait a second. This part is just me talking to myself, but, you know, aftershave lotion is applied on the face. And if the smell is from Vijay, that means it's because he rubbed his face all over her tits and stomach right after he shaved. That is such a fucking hilarious image, especially if we think about the fact that she knew why she smelled like that. How on earth did she keep a straight face when I kept asking her. Holy shit, that's absolutely hilarious)*
   
11. When Aya showed up, her makeup was a mess. She mentioned it was because she cried quite a bit. I wasn't sure if it was the sex kind of crying or the sad kind of crying, but when I asked her if it was a good or bad thing, she said it was a bad thing.*
   
12. She said her libido was non-existent, but I noticed a distinctly pussy shaped wet stain on her pants, which she then changed out of, and wore Avyukt's old shorts which she found on the bed or floor or something
    
13. Before I left, I drew a V on Aya's thigh. On call, I heard her and Hisham talking, and she mentioned "I've let you draw on me before" in a defensive manner. ((I assume that Hisham was asking about why she let me draw on her, or something like that? I avoided writing my full name because V could also stand for Vijay, and that meant it had a lower likelihood of being erased quickly. But I felt Hisham ruined that, ***I must kill him***)
    
14. The next day, I felt that Aya was unenthusiastic and relatively cold towards me for the most part, apart from when I specifically tried to get her attention. Afterwards, I felt as though she would go back to being cold. She also avoided talking to me properly or answering questions, and the day somehow passed just like that.
    
15. I saw her texting Vijay Rajendran on instagram. Once I mentioned this to Hisham, he told me that he also saw notifications, since Aya was using Instagram on his phone. And one of the notifications was "But the sex was good, right?", which would pretty much confirm that yes, of course they fucked. 
    
16. The following is miscellaneous information
    
	- Vijay Rajendran is his full name, according to what Aya wrote down in her notebook
	  
	- She calls him "Teacher Sir" and saved his contact as "Teacher" with a heart emoji and something else
	  
	- On his instagram profile, under "portfolio", he has several pictures of himself and some auditions. This led me to believe that he is primarily a male model who also works as an actor. (Man, it's kind of awesome that Aya did shit with a male model)
	  
	- Where does Vijay live?
		  
		- Originally, Aya didn't want Hisham to meet Vijay, according to what Hisham said. So he dropped her off at St. Thomas Mount, from where Vijay picked her up.
		  
		- Level Up Learning Centre has a branch in Besant Nagar, but I don't know if that's the center where he teaches. However, this is fairly far away from St. Thomas Mount.
		  
		- Aya posted a picture which showed "Sumathi Apartments" on instagram, but later deleted it. Sumathi Apartments is much closer to St. Thomas Mount.
		  
		- By putting two and two together, I have now realised, much like a retard who checked Google Maps for the distance between Sumathi Apartments and Level Up Learning Centre, that Sumathi Apartments is RIGHT NEXT TO Level Up Learning Centre
		  
	- Hisham has been to Sumathi Apartments. He also told me that he was visiting a friend of Makrii's with Aya while there. This didn't make sense to me, and he didn't elaborate. I did not press him further. 
	- And so it's possible that he lives in Sumathi Apartments.