# Stuff Aya said that I like by a disproportionate amount

This is about stuff that Aya said that I like a lot, but I don't know why I like it a lot. No real reason to. I'm gonna try to go in order

-  "I would hide you":
	 
	 Me: If I killed someone, and I was on the run from the cops. What would you do?
	 
	 Aya: I would hide you
	
	 
	This was back when I first started talking to Aya. This would've been around 2021. We were on call for around 9 hours that night and she fell asleep on call by the end. I was awake, I was awake till 7 am. The call started around 10 pm, and she said this line between 12 and 1 am.
	This is something I still think about, and I really like that she said this. Made me feel incredibly good.

-  "You can live with me, as long as you didn't mind that I didn't shut up"
	
	Aya asked me if I wanted to be her roommate, or maybe she said "What if we were roommates?". I don't really remember since this was pretty far back too.
	
	But, she said it would be fun to live with me. I don't know why I like this so much

-  "Your voice is like a rich chocolate cake"
	
	Well, it's kinda obvious why I like this one

-  "I just don't wear clothes afterwards"
	
	This is gonna sound kinda stupid, but before she said this, I had given this idea absolutely zero consideration.
	
	So, Aya and I were having a conversation about baths, and this was back when Aya was still a clean freak. So, whenever I took baths back then, I would always wear clean clothes, so I'd go through 2-3 sets of clothes everyday, and I'd have tons of laundry to wash very quickly.
	So when were talking about baths, Aya mentioned that she just doesn't wear clothes afterwards. 
	
	My god
	
	I felt so fucking stupid afterwards, this was such a galaxy brain level idea.
	
	Ever since then I've never had the laundry problem. Of course I wear clothes after I take a bath, but it's just stuff that I wear so I can avoid being completely naked. Stuff like simple shorts that I've already worn, or trackpants that I've already worn.
	
	Obviously, I don't wear underwear alongside this. But yeah, I think of this line every time I take a bath cause I'm sweaty, and I just wear shorts afterwards. Genuinely changed my life.

- 